# AboutThis script is a JSX (JavaScript Extension) script for Adobe Illustrator to convert a folder (and sub-folders) of SVG files to PNG.# CREDITS This script was written using pieces of scripts and concepts from the work of several developers including the following:* MultiExporter.js by Matthew Ericson - mericson@ericson.net* ExportDocAsFlash.js by ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED* SaveAsPNG.js by ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED   There may have been other scripts that inspired or were used in the creation of this script. Any omissions of credits are purely accidental. If you recognize an omission, please let me know and I will happily add credit where it is due.You are free to use, modify, and distribute this script as you see fit. No credit is required but would be greatly appreciated. Iconfinder* support@iconfinder.com* http://iconfinder.com# DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITYTHIS SCRIPT IS OFFERED AS-IS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND. YOU USE THIS SCRIPT COMPLETELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DEVELOPER AND/OR DISTRIBUTOR OF THIS SCRIPT BE HELD LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGE TO HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THIS SCRIPT.# INSTRUCTIONS## BEFORE YOU START It is important to keep in mind that large jobs will take a long time to run. The larger the job, the longer it will take to complete. With very large jobs (i.e., hundreds or even thousands of files), the script will run slower-and-slower the longer it runs. This is most likely due to a memory leak either in the script or in the way Adobe Illustrator manages memory in its scripting engine. If you have a very large job to run, the best thing to do when the script starts to slow down is to force quit Adobe Illustrator then re-start the script. It will automatically figure out which files have not been converted yet. The only danger with doing this is that force-quitting a program can cause problems with your computer and destabilize it thus causing the need to restart your computer. I have run this script on jobs as large as 72,000 files and force-quit dozens of times without any major issues. I'm not implying or stating any results good or bad for you. You use this script and follow these instructions AT YOUR OWN RISK.Once you start the script, it's probably best to just leave your computer running and don't touch it.You can run the script from two computers at a time to speed things up. To do this, you will need to modify the script on one of the computers. You'll also need to have your source and target folders on a shared drive such as a shared DropBox folder that is accessible from both computers. The idea is simple: one computer starts at the top of the source directory file list, the other starts at the bottom of the file list and both work towards the middle until all of the files are converted.To run the script on two computers, follow the instructions in the SETUP section below, but set the following variable, on line 107 in the SVGtoPNG.jsx file as follows:```JavaScript/** *  1 = forward * -1 = reverse */var runOrder   = -1;```Set one instance of the script on one computer to 1, set the other instance of the script on another computer to -1 (reverse order).The Script runs recursively and will recreate any folder structure. Just select the root of the folders you wish to convert, then select another folder as the "target" or destination for the converted files. I recommend selecting an empty folder for this. The source folder tree will be recreated in the target location. A more detailed explanation of the output structure is contained in the SETUP section below.This script has only been tested on Adobe Illustrator CC 2014. It was written to complete a one-off personal project. If you find it useful, fantastic. But I cannot verify whether or not it will work on every system. ## SETUP  1. Place this script in Applications/Adobe Illustrator CC 2014/Presets/en_US/Scripts/     **NOTE**        _If you are not using the US English translation of Adobe Illustrator,     the `en\_US` folder will match that of your translation._        _Also, the Adobe Illustrator folder may have a different name depending on which     version of Illustrator you have installed._  2. Restart Adobe Illustrator to activate the script  3. The script will be available under menu `File > Scripts > SVGtoPNG`. IMPORTANT: Before running the script, be sure to close all documents in Adobe Illustrator.  4. Update the `targetSizes` array on line 78 to tell the script the output     sizes you want.     5. When the script runs, you will be asked to select two folders: first the SVG     source folder, then the output folder     6. The script will output your SVG files as PNG. It will mimic the source folder     structure arranged by the sizes indicated in the targetSizes array (#3 above).        So, for instance, if you specified `targetSize = [100,200,400];`, and you have a     source folder structure like this:     * SVG/food-icons    * SVG/tools-icons       The script will output:        * PNG/100px/food-icons    * PNG/100px/tools-icons     * PNG/200px/food-icons    * PNG/200px/tools-icons     * PNG/400px/food-icons    * PNG/400px/tools-icons  7. The script will also output a log file in the root of your Target Output folder.     The file will be named log.txt and will contain errors and other important info.