# AboutThis script is a JSX (JavaScript Extension) script for Adobe Illustrator to convert a folder (and sub-folders) of SVG files to PDF.# CREDITS This script was written using pieces of scripts and concepts from the work of several developers including the following:* MultiExporter.js by Matthew Ericson - mericson@ericson.net* ExportDocAsFlash.js by ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED* SaveAsPDF.js by ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED   There may have been other scripts that inspired or were used in the creation of this script. Any omissions of credits are purely accidental. If you recognize an omission, please let me know and I will happily add credit where it is due.You are free to use, modify, and distribute this script as you see fit. No credit is required but would be greatly appreciated. Scott Lewis* scott@iconify.it* http://iconify.it# DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITYTHIS SCRIPT IS OFFERED AS-IS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND. YOU USE THIS SCRIPT COMPLETELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE DEVELOPER AND/OR DISTRIBUTOR OF THIS SCRIPT BE HELD LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGE TO HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THIS SCRIPT.# INSTRUCTIONS## BEFORE YOU STARTThe Script runs recursively and will recreate any folder structure. Just select the root of the folders you wish to convert, then select another folder as the "target" or destination for the converted files. I recommend selecting an empty folder for this. The source folder tree will be recreated in the target location. A more detailed explanation of the output structure is contained in the SETUP section below.This script has only been tested on Adobe Illustrator CC 2014. It was written to complete a one-off personal project. If you find it useful, fantastic. But I cannot verify whether or not it will work on every system.## SETUP1. Place this script in Applications > Adobe Illustrator > Presets > en_US > Scripts2. Restart Adobe Illustrator to activate the script3. The script will be available under menu File > Scripts > SVGtoPDF. IMPORTANT: Before running the script, be sure to close all documents in Adobe Illustrator.4. When the script runs, you will be asked to select two folders: first the SVG    source folder, then the output folder5. The script will output your SVG files as PDF. It will mimic the source folder    structure of the source folder you select.      So, for instance, if you have a source folder structure like this:   * SVG/food-icons/one/   * SVG/food-icons/two/   * SVG/food-icons/three/   * SVG/tools-icons/red/   * SVG/tools-icons/blue/   * SVG/tools-icons/green/     The script will output:      * target-root-folder/food-icons/one/   * target-root-folder/food-icons/two/   * target-root-folder/food-icons/three/   * target-root-folder/tools-icons/red/   * target-root-folder/tools-icons/blue/   * target-root-folder/tools-icons/green/6. The script will also output a log file in the root of your Target Output folder.    The file will be named log.txt and will contain errors and other important info.   _NOTE: You can turn OFF logging by setting the `logging` variable in the code to `0`_